# Xiaomi-Frontend
Tools Used Tailwind Css,Typescript,React Native

The contemporary day digital generation is primarily based totally on embedded a gadget that\'s integrating lots of transistors on unmarried silicon chip. The essential of goal of developing generation is to make existence have become easier. Nowadays Shopping mall is an area in which human begins get their each day necessities. In mall for getting variety of object it calls for trolley. Every time patron has to do calculations of these object & want to examine it together along with his price range in pocket. After this procedure, patron has to look forward to billing. So, to keep away from headache like pulling trolley, ready in billing queue we are introducing idea  that is The project motive and Intent is to create ease of  the billing process across all Mi outlets by allowing the store operators to process customer orders in real-time through various devices thereby increasing speed and efficiency and ultimately increasing customer satisfaction.A billing application is used to create and manage orders for a store. It helps in inventory and customer management. This application deals with four main modules namely Users, Customers, Products, and Bills. Users can view information about each module and also download bills if required.

Objective: To Design and Develop a Billing App integrated across all devices mobiles and PCs and outlets to be used by the vendor/operator at the Point of Sale (POS) ready reckoner app. 
